Backport of Add ECS audit logging docs into release/1.12.x (#13859)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/manual/secure-configuration.mdx

| [`acl.tokens.agent`](/docs/agent/config/config-files#acl_tokens_agent)          | string  | Consul client token which authorizes this agent with Consul servers.                    |
| [`partition`](/docs/agent/config/config-files#partition-1)                      | string  | <EnterpriseAlert inline /> The Consul Enterprise admin partition this agent belongs to. |

### Configure Audit Logging<EnterpriseAlert inline />

> [Audit logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging) is supported when ACLs are enabled and tasks are configured to use a Consul Enterprise client.
> To enable audit logging you must update the startup script to configure the Consul client config file with an `audit` stanza.
> 
> The following example shows the additional content to include in the `consul-client` startup script to configure audit logs to be written to `stdout` of the `consul-client` container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Audit logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging) is supported on clients running Consul Enterprise with ACLs enabled.
To enable audit logging, update the startup script to add an `audit` stanza to the Consul client configuration file.

The following example modifies the `consul-client` startup script to configure audit logs to be written to the `stdout` of the `consul-client` container.
```

Reviewer: Adding this change to maintain consistency between main and this branch.
